Twitter has increased the limit of its tweets to a whopping 10,000 characters. The changes don't end there. The former "micro-blogging" platform has also added support for bold and italic formatting. The original character limit was 140 characters which was increased to 240 in 2017 and then the limit was pushed to 4,000 under Elon Musk and now 10,000. The new character limit has been offered to Twitter Blue users. Twitter make it official with a Tweet stating, "We're making improvements to the writing and reading experience on Twitter! Starting today, Twitter now supports Tweets up to 10,000 characters in length, with bold and italic text formatting." Twitter announced that users could purchase the Blue service and then enable Subscriptions on the account. The platform claims this will introduce direct revenue with the option to monetize essays and write-ups. The user can also compose longer Tweets in a Quote Tweet or reply. Standard functionality like posting media, creating polls, and using hashtags still apply. Everyone will be able to read longer Tweets, but only Blue subscribers can create them. Non-Twitter Blue users will continue to post tweets with just 240 characters. Apart from the extended character limits, Twitter Blue subscribers also get dozens of other features like Edit Tweet, Half ads, Custom app icons, NFT Profile pictures, Themes, Custom Navigation, Spaces Tab, Top Articles, Reader, Undo Tweet, Prioritized rankings in conversations and search, Longer video upload, SMS two-factor authentication. The face of social media is about to get much louder and much longer thanks to a change to Twitter's character policy. But should you believe the reports out there that Twitter is expanding it's character limit or is it all another technological hoax that has stirred the masses over nothing? According to a report from the Wall Street Journal, Twitter is going to expand from 140-characters to 10,000-chracters. Twitter users were quick lambast this change — for obvious, headache inducing reasons — but there was another faction that tried to pass this off as a hoax. Is it a Twitter hoax? Sadly, it's not. Twitter is indeed expanding its character limit to 10,000 characters, but that doesn't mean they're abandoning the old model. Your level of outrage is really based on how much you believe in the honor system — which is essentially what Twitter is using to quell the fear that their platform is about to get very crowded. Twitter is going to alert you that you are over the original 140-character limit but will allow 9,860 more characters after that before you're truly cut off. This has everyone worried that Twitter is about to become the new Facebook — which is a real fear that we won't see addressed until this actually all happens. It's supposed to happen sometime in March, but if you're worried about the character limit, you should try DM'ing someone on Twitter. That character limit was raised to 10,000 last summer, which flew under the radar but was a test that clearly passed. Attempting to entice creators with shiny new tools and attractive monetization terms is less hostile than Twitter's recent attempts to undermine rival platforms. Last week, Twitter started to block Substack users from embedding tweets into their stories, later blocking almost all engagement on tweets containing links to Substack and flagging them as "potentially spammy or unsafe."